New DataNew Locationcommand line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.middle Location and Its confirmationents passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.
returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list ofmiddle Location and Its confirmationPython script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.
returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.
returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.
returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.
returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.
returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.
returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.
returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.returns a list of command line arguments passed to a Python script. The item at index 0 in this list is always the name of the script. The rest of the arguments are stored at the subsequent indices.Scsascslkjkj
AKJFadjfiJFIO'ajsf
AFJKALAFJAJF'alkjf
KFkaajfkAJFFK;Lajf;lkDSJF
KADFjafklJDSFKLF;J;KLJMF
Aajkljdk;ljkdlaSJSD;LKajs
KadfjAAKFMFakfjfA;LSFJ'laSMF    Q
FADAJDKlamfmklAJF;KLajffklASJF'LaSF
assfnA,SFMFNMNaklsfKLAJF'KLaaf
SFKFajsfkfAJaflkfJF J   F
    EFKlkajjflkAFJlka'ajf
    KDF'lkjaf'lkAJF'Kajf'A
    FAFkLKAKLAMFM'lkaasjf'KALSF
    afkjAK'LC
    ajff
    L;Ask
    cASCC'LK'KLajsf'lAKSFFOIajsfpA,SF
    af
    AJFLak'jfjnj
    FLKa
    fopKAJ
    FO;ikaf

    KAF'OIjaf
    kA
    AFJ Q
    FJ
    afk
    AIPFJK
    afj
    AFJ
    AFK
    AFJN
    apdfk
    ADFJ
    aodfj
    OAFJlkalkadjf
    PADADF
    da
    fAD
    DFada
    fADA
    DFa
    DAF
    af
    ADF
    aadfDFdfD
    DF
    df
    asds
    fasdfasdasf
    asddf
    sddf
    SD
    F       D
    Fa
    fA
    FaFaafADDFLJa'dfjlk wejf'dfd
    ADADFKJakl'fj'klADDF
    adnfkljkLAJDDFKL;a
    fADJDFKLJAdkl;ffjAD'DKLF
    adfjk'ljaddf'kljADDF'aaddfjfAldk'dfjfA
    Jaddf
    vfkJA
    ADPFJ
    opaddfjO
    AADFKJ'jdf'lkAJDFL
    ;ajfadfd
    D
    jfokD
    FADF
    KDFDAJF
    ADAFJDA
    FKJDFK
    Jdf
    kjdf
    KDJFd
    fkjDF
    Kadfd
    ADJF
    addfkjADDF
    KJAFD
    KJaddf
    KADJF
    akdjfA
    New DataNew DataNew DataNew Data
    New Location and Its confirmation